Add Frontend Self-Test Task (#13)
CATcher-org/catcher-org.github.io: dg/setting-up.md

When you need to update documentation, you'll need to fork and clone that repo to your computer as well.

**We use [MarkBind](https://markbind.org/) for documentation**. Follow [this tutorial](https://se-education.org/guides/tutorials/markbind.html) to learn how to use MarkBind for updating project documentation.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Tasks To Self-Test Knowledge

> These tasks assume basic understanding of `Angular` and `TypeScript`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tasks assume a basic understanding of `Angular` and `TypeScript`.
```

> These tasks assume basic understanding of `Angular` and `Type Script` as the backbones of `CATcher`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tasks assume basic understanding of `Angular` and `TypeScript`.
```

If you wish to know more about them, you can visit our [tools page](tools.html).

### Backend

### Frontend

<panel header="**Task 1: Make error snack bars automatically close**" type="primary">

  **Task 1: Make error snack bars automatically close**

  ![](../images/error-snackbar.png)

>   1. To help you see the error snack bar, first launch your `CATcher` locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. To help you see the error snack bar, first launch `CATcher` locally.
```

>   2. Enter `null` inside Settings Location input and click submit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. Enter `null` inside the Settings Location input and click submit.
```

  3. On the bottom of your browser, a pop-up "Failed to fetch settings file." should appear.

>   4. If you wait long enough, you will see that it doesn't close by itself, you have to manually click the close button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  4. You will see that it doesn't close by itself; you have to manually click the close button.
```

  **Your Task**

>   Make the error snack bar shown above dissapear automatically after 3 seconds of showing up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Make the error snack bar disappear automatically, after being displayed for 3 seconds.
```

  <panel header="Hint 1" type="info">

>   First, you need to be able to locate which are the files responsible for error handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  First, you need to locate the files responsible for error handling.
```

>   When searching for related files, knowing the name of the frontend component you are working with is often useful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When searching for the relevant files, it is useful to know the name of the frontend component involved.
```

>   In this task, the name of the frontend component is `MatSnackBar`. Try to search where it's being used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In this task, the name of the frontend component is `MatSnackBar`. Try to find out where it's used.
```

>   For more information on `MatSnackBar` itself, you can read the documentation [here](https://material.angular.io/components/snack-bar/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For more information on `MatSnackBar`, you can read the documentation [here](https://material.angular.io/components/snack-bar/overview).
```

  </panel>

  <panel header="Hint 2" type="info">

  You should find that our related file is `error-handling.service.ts`.

>   All that's left is just to figure out how to tell `snackBar` to close after a certain amount of time has passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  All that's left is to figure out how to tell `snackBar` to close after a certain amount of time.
```

  There are multiple ways to do this. One way is to use `setTimeout` function on the `snackBarRef.dismiss()` like this:
  ```typescript
  const snackBarRef = this.snackBar.openFromComponent(GeneralMessageErrorComponent, {data: error});
  setTimeout(() => {
    snackBarRef.dismiss();
  }, this.snackBarAutoCloseTime);
  ```

  </panel>

  <panel header="Suggested solution" type="info">

>   There is more than 1 way to achieve this. By combining the changes in hint 1 and hint 2, you should be able to get a possible solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  There is more than 1 way to achieve this. By combining the changes in hint 1 and hint 2, you should be able to reach a solution.
```
